/ PHP files
additem.php - The PHP function to add a new product listing (item) to the database. Uses a form to accept the needed data.
admin.php - Admin management page. Written in PHP, sending SQL commands with escalated priviledge.
bid.php - Bidding section. A PHP function to update a bid on an item.
dash-2.php - Profile page. Doubles as user preferences page if logged in. Has a list of items that user has created, and preferences if the user is logged in.
dash.php - Fallback for the previous; less featured but known-stable so we keep it just in case. UNUSED.
edititem.php - Item edit page for the user that submitted it, in case they want to change the tags/description/title of the work. This is purely the user-facing side of the function, no backend stuff happens here.
index.php - Main page. Includes the slideshow for the featured items.
item.php - PHP for an individual item in a list of items. Includes the name, current bid, description, and user who created the item, along with displaying the image associated with the item.
logout.php - Literally just a link to log the user out.
moditem.php - Serverside script for editing item, edititem.php calls this function to execute the actual edit (no logic stored in editem.php, it's just userfacing code).
moduser.php - Serverside script for editing user, implementation logic of user-facing form.
newitem.php - Form to add a new item to the database.
product.php - Main page for an item, this is what happens if you click on a title in a search.
search.php - Logic for search form in the header. Searches through database for text entered into form.
updateuser.php - Logic for updating user information from admin page.

/ CSS files
index.css - primary CSS for the main body of every page; most of the pages share CSS elements, so it's more efficient to reference just one for the body. There is a separate one for the header.

/classes/ PHP
password.php - Hashes the password for storage on the server; since it's a big security risk to store plaintext passwords, we hash the passwords and store the hashes in the server's database.
user.php - enters user data into server's database, including password hash.

/classes/phpmailer/ PHP
exception.php - Exception handler for the email logic. Handles errors of other files.
mail.php - Constructs an email to be sent out.
phpmailer.php - Sends emails input to it.
pop3.php - Implementation of the POP3 protocol using PHP. Used for emailing.
smtp.php - Implementation of the SMTP protocol using PHP.  The full email protocol which is the final piece of a full email stack.

/includes/ PHP
conflig.php - Configuration for the server. Includes PDO connection, timezone, email address, database IP address, and more.

/layout/ PHP
footer.php - Global footer file. Inserted at the end of the index page, unneeded on other webpages.
header.php - Global header file. Includes login form, search form, hero banner, logo, categories drop down.

/layout/ CSS
index.css - Header/footer CSS file. Includes media queries to ensure RWD for the entire header down to original iPhone width screens.
